Asian banquet:

Located in the heart of city, Asian Banquets is a grand venue with a beautiful ambience and professional staff. There are ample facilities for optimum comfort and a luxurious experience. Featuring two different areas for hire within its premises, this property is perfect for hosting a wide range of wedding and pre- wedding functions.


Jade Garden

Jade Garden is one of the most prestigious, iconic wedding banquets in South Mumbai. It was opened 30 years back, though it has been recently refurbished into a contemporary and opulent venue. This beautiful wedding venue is managed by professionals trained in the highest standards of international hospitality. The luxury services and amenities provided by them makes Jade Garden a top choice among the Mumbaikars. The responsive and courteous staff adds to the perfection of Jade Garden, making it a renowned wedding venue. Their trained team of planners takes care of every detail, customise and design every part of the wedding service.

Ronak Banquet

Ronak Banquet is a supreme station for hosting stunning wedding ceremonies and intimate gatherings. The primary aim of the management is satiating clients requirements and providing them with tremendous well being. The swanky haven ensures that all your commemoration takes off exactly as you had always seeked for. The expert professionals share a great camaraderie with their clients and try to be the best hospitable hosts at the venue furnished with modern amenities required in putting jointly a great show at various wedding sprees.

iLeaf Ritz

If you are searching for a luxurious and grand wedding venue that will offer you five star facilities, superb event services with a huge choice of cuisines, you have come to the right place. A unique and exciting location, for all types of celebrations, Ileafritz will transform your event into a memorable and sophisticated affair with its divine ambience and customised services Facilities and capacity Ileafritz offers 30000 sq. ft., of pure luxury and grand event space.. Services offered This venue is known to offer highly dedicated services that match the event requirement and also budget. So Plan your wedding with ileaf Ritz- Mumbai and take the memories which you can cheer for lifetime.

Crown banquet

Crown Banquet is a venue for hosting beautiful wedding celebrations and other small social gatherings. The ultimate goal of the authorities is to fulfill the needs of their client's prerequisites with great commitment. The trendy location ensures that the staff keeps their eye on the ball in curating your wedding celebrations in accordance to your picturisation of the eventful occasion. The team of professionals share a great bond with their clients to be cordial with the guests and are equipped with modern facilities required to beef up the celebrations.

Royal regalia banquet

Royal Regalia Banquets, a luscious venue, is perfect for the grande affair like your wedding. Equipped with world-class facilities, the venue is spacious and comfortable. They offer complete event support for all your nuptial ceremonies and events. With their class apart services, you are ensured that every experience with them is unique, every time. This venue is an ideal choice for your wedding as it can hold lavish as well as a simple and subtle wedding. Vibrant and progressive, Royal Regalia Banquets retains the warmth and spirit of India while offering a grand hall. The services go far above and beyond the conventional venue and catering staples. All these services would be customized according to your demands, needs, and budget.

The Royal Orchid

he Royal Orchid is the one-stop destination for you if you want to organise a flawless wedding. They have everything required to make your wedding a gala event and they will ensure that your nuptial ceremonies are worth remembering a lifetime. You can use an array of creative themes while planning to host and conduct an event, much like a wedding event and more. The Royal Orchid is a place where you can relax and enjoy yourself and have a great event with your near and dear ones.